Update Daily Standup ritual doc (#32332)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Contributing/rituals/sprint-kickoff.md

## [Sprint Kickoff](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/company/product-groups#sprint-ceremonies) 

Purpose: Forecast a body of work that the team is confident can be completed during the sprint.

Cadence: 1 hour or more as needed.

Participants: Full product group.

Facilitator: EM or assigned team member.

### Agenda
1. Review the [pre-sprint prioritization sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1DlSiRv0HVT2ANuBb08knEg_GCCAMEzE1RlKevGCFA20/edit?usp=sharing) with the team and brings selected items into the sprint.
2. Filter the [Drafting board](https://github.com/orgs/fleetdm/projects/67) to bugs assigned to the product group, and fills remaining sprint capacity based on our bug prioritization criteria documented in the [pre-sprint prioritization sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1DlSiRv0HVT2ANuBb08knEg_GCCAMEzE1RlKevGCFA20/edit?usp=sharing).
3. For each issue, complete the sprint inclusion process below.

### Sprint inclusion 
- Read the issue title, and ask if there are any questions or concerns.
- After any discussions of the issue, the issue is updated to include any additional context. 

> - Remove the `:product` label, remove the issue from the Drafting project, add the `:release` label and adds the issue to their sprint project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the issue to the sprint project, add the `:release` label, copy over the estimate story points, remove the `:product` label, and remove from the drafting board
> Note you can do this in bulk at the end with `gm estimated <product group>` -> select all relevant issues and run 'bulk sprint kickoff' workflow
```
